# KDE menu
menu-item-contains-unknown-tag kderemove /usr/share/menu/kwave:9
package-name-doesnt-match-sonames libkwave0 libkwavegui0
# kwave plugins, which don't end with .so
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/about
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/amplifyfree
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/band_pass
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/codec_ascii
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/codec_audiofile
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/codec_flac
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/codec_ogg
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/codec_wav
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/fileinfo
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/goto
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/lowpass
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/memory
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/newsignal
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/noise
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/notch_filter
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/pitch_shift
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/playback
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/record
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/saveblocks
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/selectrange
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/sonagram
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/volume
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/zero
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/reverse
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/samplerate
unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/kde4/plugins/kwave/normalize
# Debian copyright mentions GPL, GPL-2 and a whole lot more
copyright-refers-to-versionless-license-file usr/share/common-licenses/GPL
